Where am I?
Sister, you are finally awake.
How is it? Do you feel any discomfort?
Last night, I got there just in time.
The heart really has no chance to talk nonsense to you
Thanks.
Yes, I offended Mr. Zheng last night
The divestment must be irreversible
Don't worry.
Mingguang Enterprise has been seized for suspected illegal activities
Other collaborating companies have also been implicated
It was seized.
Yes, and there is one more piece of good news.
All the projects we do are taken by Fuji Group
And they decided to let us do all the follow-up projects
The issue of funding has been solved
Why do I feel weird?
Sister, just rest assured, don't think too much.
I'll go out for a while and be right back
Good brother, brother, I was wrong.
I beg you not to let them send me to Africa, okay?
You, an illegitimate child, dare to call me brothers, don't you?
How to do it
Take it away!
Don't worry, one day I'll make you kneel down and beg me
You wait for me.